################################################
Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant
################################################


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/337
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/337


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow - Unregulated-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/338
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/338


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/339
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/339


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Elevation-ft Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/341
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/341


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Evaporation-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/342
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/342


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Bank Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4275
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4275


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4287
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4287


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow - Unregulated-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4300
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4300


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Powerplant-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4306
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4306


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Total-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4314
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4314


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Total-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4353
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4353


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Powerplant-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4360
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4360


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Spillway-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4371
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4371


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Bypass-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4390
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4390


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Delta Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4402
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4402


Flaming Gorge Reservoir Dam and Powerplant Daily Lake/Reservoir Area-acres Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4782
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4782


################################################
Steinaker Reservoir and Dam
################################################


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/774
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/774


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Evaporation-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/775
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/775


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/776
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/776


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Elevation-ft Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/778
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/778


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Total-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4318
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4318


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Delta Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4477
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4477


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Total-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4478
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4478


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4479
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4479


Steinaker Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Area-acres Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4809
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4809


################################################
Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam
################################################


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/685
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/685


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/686
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/686


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Elevation-ft Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/688
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/688


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Evaporation-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/689
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/689


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Total-cfs Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4344
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4344


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Delta Storage-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4492
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4492


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Release - Total-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4493
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4493


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Inflow-af Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4494
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4494


Red Fleet Reservoir and Dam Daily Lake/Reservoir Area-acres Time Series Data
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/catalog-item/4814
https://data.usbr.gov/rise/api/result/4814


